readme_typo_fixes (#3328)
binary-com/binary-bot: README.md

```
npm run release --branch [branchname] # can contain /
```

> 2. Now, your repository can be found at https://YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME.github.io/binary-bot/YOUR_BRANCHNAME/

Reviewer: hey Amina, i think it is a bit different
when i run the script my deploy is at https://nikolai-deriv.binary.sx/BRANCH_NAME/bot.html
e.g.: https://nikolai-deriv.binary.sx/add-languages/bot.html
```suggestion
2. Now, your repository can be found at https://YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME.binary.sx/binary-bot/YOUR_BRANCHNAME/bot.html
```
